Create-a-plugin-intro-and-set-up (#164)
massalabs/docs: docs/tutorial/massa-station-plugin/set-up-plugin.mdx

---
id: set-up-plugin
sidebar_label: Plugin set-up
---

# Plugin set-up

Let's go through the steps to set up your plugin's environment.

## Requirements

For this tutorial, you will need:

- [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install)
- The [`go-swagger`](https://github.com/go-swagger/go-swagger) package

:::tip
You can install the latest version of `go-swagger` package using:
```shell
go install github.com/go-swagger/go-swagger/cmd/swagger@latest
```
:::

## Initialize the Go plugin

> First, create and navigate to the folder `my-plugin` and then start your module using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create and navigate to the folder `my-plugin` and then initialize your project using:
```
